[EmioLabs] create your own lab: adds section with predefined modules (#64)
SofaComplianceRobotics/docs-support: docs/Users/EmioLabs/create-your-lab.md

<img className="centered" src={emio_labs_dashboard} width="70%" alt="Example of a table of contents for the Emio Labs application"/>
<figcaption>The main table of contents of the Emio Labs application shows the labs content of the application.</figcaption>

### Add Python Packages
If you want to install additional Python packages for your lab, follow the steps in [this section](../emio-labs-user-manual#install-python-packages-for-emio-labs).

### Add a Predefined Module

Using the <a href="#include">`#include`</a> syntax, you can include files in your markdown file for better resusability and modularity. For example, you can create a file `assets/labs/mylab/parameters.md` containing explanations about parameters you use for your lab and include it in your main markdown file with:

```markdown
#include("assets/labs/mylab/parameters.md")

> ```

Reviewer: I'm wondering if this shouldn't be elsewhere. In the markdown syntax section perhaps?

> There are several predefined modules that you can include in your lab and visualize in the *Sandbox* lab. They are located in the `assets/labs/modules` directory:

Reviewer: The "include" could link to the explanation (if moved)

> - `assets/labs/modules/calibration.md` : contains the calibration parameters for the robots used in the labs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `assets/labs/modules/calibration.md` : contains tools to calibrate the camera.
```
